TELCODOCS-1891: Add content to support the cluster-compare plugin GA (#85563)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cluster-compare-exclude-metadata.adoc

> :_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

Author: Done

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: v2
parts:
  - name: Part1
    components:
      - name: Namespace
        allOf:
          - path: namespace.yaml
            config:
              ignore-unspecified-fields: true <1>
#...
----
<1> Specify `true` to exclude from the comparison all fields in a CR that are not explicitly configured in the corresponding `namespace.yaml` template.

[id="cluster-compare-ignore-specified-fields_{context}"]
== Excluding specific fields

You can specify fields to exclude by defining the path to the field, and then referencing the definition in the `config` section for a template. 

.Procedure

* Create a `metadata.yaml` file to match your use case. Use the following structure as an example:
+
.Example metadata.yaml file
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: v2
parts:
    - name: Part1
      components: 
        - name: Component1
            - path: deployment.yaml
              config:
                fieldsToOmitRefs:
                    - deployments <1>

#...

fieldsToOmit:
   items:
      deployments:
         - pathToKey: spec.selector.matchLabels.k8s-app <2>
----

> <1> References the `deployments` item for the `deployment.yaml` template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> References the `deployments` field set specified below in the `fieldsToOmit.items` section.
```

Author: Updated - `	References the fieldsToOmit.items.deployments item for the deployment.yaml template`

<2> Excludes the `spec.selector.matchLabels.k8s-app` field from the comparison. 
+
[NOTE]
====

> Setting `fieldsToOmitRefs` replaces the default value.

Reviewer: I don't think we mention the default value, so it's hard to know what good this note will do...

Author: Swapped the order as suggested, thanks!

.Procedure

* Create a `metadata.yaml` file to match your use case. Use the following structure as an example:
+
.Example metadata.yaml file
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: v2
parts:

#...

fieldsToOmit:
   defaultOmitRef: default <1>
   items:
      default:
         - pathToKey: a.custom.default."k8s.io" <2>
----
<1> Sets the default exclusion for all templates, unless overridden by the `config.fieldsToOmitRefs` field for a specific template.
<2> The value is excluded for all templates.

[id="cluster-compare-ignore-specified-fields_{context}"]
== Excluding specific fields

You can specify fields to exclude by defining the path to the field, and then referencing the definition in the `config` section for a template. 

.Procedure

* Create a `metadata.yaml` file to match your use case. Use the following structure as an example:
+
.Example metadata.yaml file
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: v2
parts:
    - name: Part1
      components: 
        - name: Component1
            - path: deployment.yaml
              config:
                fieldsToOmitRefs:
                    - deployments <1>

> 

Author: Yeap, fixed.
